and today we are going to talk about two
interesting things first game
in raid mode I think jumps and assault are
comes the multiplayer in this month and at
end of this month the mode is coming
Resident Evil Revelations Online Mode
assault this was confirmed by the people
of crack as well as you know we're going
to be able to play with other friends
multiplayer to the truth and I do not want
play mind so we will have to wait
until the end of March ok so I already
you know now let's talk about this thing that
I found it curious
asks to prohibit hello barbie doll
connected to the internet for fear of
vigilance like this hello barbie doll
let's read the article I heard very
well we are in the golden age of the
digital paranoia and which country best to
denounce the causes of this type that
USA
where they plan to ban hello
barbie the first doll connected to the
network that also includes recognition
of voice, this being the only factor
more annoyance causes between the
whistleblowers since the doll
supposedly it would work as a spy
Now I say yes but rows to egg
but good, let's continue with the article
it turns out that while the doll is capable
of listening to its owner by means of a
microphone that is activated by pressing a
button the huntingford organization
universal free size fits led by
susan linn pointed out to the washington post that
children who use the verb not only
they are talking about a doll but
they speak directly to a conglomerate
whose only interest is the financial da
fear and creates a dangerous host for
children and families in a few
words do not buy the doll you have to
do it for the children good the mechanism
it works in the following way listens
very well, according to the magazine,
set the user presses a button and
activates a microphone that the doll has
inside her
the voice of whoever occupies the toy is
sent to a server by means of the
local wifi network and it is stored in a
server that processes the audio and sends
a personalized response between more
Sometimes the doll is taken care of more learn from
its user
predicting in a certain way the tastes or
interests of its owner or I will give my
doll i tell chávez what doll my name is
I like to tell about age
this or that and that they do to this and
the other and the doll as he learns from
you or your would be the mascot the subject is
that in that learning process is in
where the organization susan linn
It has the largest resquemor as
intuit that eventually said process
cognitive not being the ex of cultivation not being
it would not be the doll's exclusive forgiveness
not only that of martel who
could use the toy as a means
to create targeted advertising so
much more effective for this sector
or worse still insert implicit notices
by means of the same ethic these tricks
as harvey as such I am an egg that
I like to see more and not dam and from the
doll
and there's more so be the doll is going to
give
you go to commercials to put taquito
time may sound like a paranoia
extreme is quite viable
historically we have seen the same
invasion of privacy problem
first with microsoft kinect and more
recently with the salsa smart tv
or character one and even with iphone what
bad that issues event connects wifi and
also with the iphone according to word of
edwards nour in so a doll
spy in those times can not be a
really new the phones of the
televisions had heard many people
He told me hey whore you have a
samsung smart tv be careful because you
is going to spy because you will not be able to do
nothing I really say if they tell me
Now that I read this article I give myself
mind that yes very much you had
reason but good good people me
dismissal fidocs a life favorite comments and
obviously if I will see you next
regards